PE 10 (finish the plot project) (25 points)
==============

We will be finishing the plot project that we worked on for the two weeks preceeding spring break. If you were not here for some of these days, I would recommend starting from the code from Lecture 19 as well as reading over the text files describing the tasks for each of the days.

For this programming exercise, you will need all of the following implemented:

(from lecture 18)
1. All points are added via entering the desired coordinates and pressing the "Add Point" button.

2. In "normal" mode, when you click on a point it should change to a new color.

(from lecture 19)
3. Any points can be deleted by pressing the "Delete Points" button, entering "delete mode" and clicking on the points.  
    1. Pressing the "Delete Points" button again exits "delete mode".  

(new functionality -- only for when you are not in "delete mode")
To implement these functionalities, look at [QGraphcsSceneMouseEvent documentation](http://doc.qt.io/qt-5/qgraphicsscenemouseevent.html) and the [`event->modifiers()` method in particular](http://doc.qt.io/qt-5/qgraphicsscenemouseevent.html#modifiers) and the [Qt::KeyboardModifiers enum in particular](http://doc.qt.io/qt-5/qt.html#KeyboardModifier-enum).  


(We did part but not all of this during class for lecture 20)
4. Shift-clicking a point enters its (adjusted, so a point at the origin would appear as (0, 0) ) coordinates in the "Point 1: " label. Shift-clicking a second point enters its coordinates in the "Point 2: " label and populates the "Distance: " label with the distance between the two points. The behavior for how you update your labels when the user shift-clicks a 3rd point is up to you.

5. Right-clicking on a point turns it a new, distinct "right-click" color (you can pick what you want), then right-clicking on a second point draws a line between the two points. Right-clicking on a 3rd point draws a line between the 2nd and 3rd points. Left-clicking any point, shift-clicking any point, or clicking the delete points button stops you from drawing lines (until your next right-click).


__Extra Credit__ (+2)
Improve the UI. For instance, make it more obvious when you are in delete mode. Make it more obvious how to interact with the interface. Make the interface layout more intuitive, etc.

__if you do the extra credit__: You __must__ make it obvious that you have done this and make it obvious what you have done. For example, you should be sure to comment what you have done in plotwindow.cpp under your comment with your name.


- __To turn in__:
    - pe10.zip, including:
        - point.[h, cpp]
        - plotwindow.[h, cpp]
        - main.cpp
        - plotproject.pro
