PE 11 (finish the plot project)
==============

We will be finishing the plot project that we worked on for [lecture 15](../lectures/15_displaying_graphics_qt/), [lecture 16](../lectures/16_qt_plotting_graphics_objs/), and [lecture 17](../lectures/17_coding_qt_deletepoints/).

Note that the lecture 16 folder has a version of the plot project with the functionality through the lecture 16 tasks already implemented.

For this programming exercise, you will need all of the following implemented:

(from lecture 16)
1. All points are added via entering the desired coordinates and pressing the "Add Point" button.

2. In "normal" mode, when you click on a point it should change to a new color.

(from lecture 17)
3. Any points can be deleted by pressing the "Delete Points" button, entering "delete mode" and clicking on the points.
    1. Pressing the "Delete Points" button again exits "delete mode".

(new functionality -- only for when you are not in "delete mode")
To implement these functionalities, look at [QGraphcsSceneMouseEvent documentation](http://doc.qt.io/qt-5/qgraphicsscenemouseevent.html) and the [`event->modifiers()` method in particular](http://doc.qt.io/qt-5/qgraphicsscenemouseevent.html#modifiers).

4. Shift-clicking a point enters its (adjusted, so a point at the origin would appear as (0, 0) ) coordinates in the "Point 1: " label. Shift-clicking a second point enters its coordinates in the "Point 2: " label and populates the "Distance: " label with the distance between the two points. The behavior for how you update your labels when the user shift-clicks a 3rd point is up to you.

5. Right-clicking on a point turns it a new, distinct "right-click" color (you can pick what you want), then right-clicking on a second point draws a line between the two points. Right-clicking on a 3rd point draws a line between the 2nd and 3rd points. Left-clicking any point, shift-clicking any point, or clicking the delete points button stops you from drawing lines (until your next right-click).


__Extra Credit__ (up to +5)
Improve the UI. For instance, make it more obvious when you are in delete mode. Make it more obvious how to interact with the interface. Make the interface layout more intuitive, etc.


- __To turn in__:
    - pe11.zip, including:
        - point.[h, cpp]
        - plotwindow.[h, cpp]
        - main.cpp
        - plotproject.pro
