PE 12 (course content review) (25 points)
==============

Answer the following questions in a text file:  
Be sure to cite any resources that you use to help answer these questions.

1. Review the feedback that Felix left you on your lecture 17 review work. Most answers that need revisiting have been marked for you (though you should double-check all your answers).
    1. Click on your submission, then click the "view feedback" link in the upper-right hand corner next to your file to see my comments.
    2. Reach out/ask on piazza with any questions that you have!
2. Answer the following questions. Note that there have been a few additions. Make sure that any code that you write is syntactically correct and would compile. Questions whose wording has been updated have those modifications __in bold__.

Section 1: c++
---------
1. What is a reference? What is a pointer? How are they different?


2. Given the following class definition, how would you call the method CalculateMysteries? __Instantiate a `Foo` if necessary.__

```c++
class Foo {
public:
    Foo(int bar) : bar_(bar) {}

    int CalculateMysteries();

    static int TotalBars();

private:
    int bar_;

    static int baz_;
};
```

3. How would you call the method TotalBars()?


4. Can you access the field `bar_` from inside the method TotalBars()? Why/why not?


5. Can you access the field `baz_` from inside the method CalculateMysteries()? Why/why not?

6. Create a Foo reference, then call one of the Foo methods.

7. Create a Foo pointer, then call one of the Foo methods.

8. Why would you make a field a pointer?

Section 2: Good Coding Practices
-----------

1. How would you improve the following code block:

```c++
bool hasACat = true; // this is an example, proceed as if hasACat could be true or false

if (hasACat == true) {
    // Do nothing.
} else {
    returnItForADog();
}
```

2. How would you improve the following code block:

```c++
int x = 3;
int y = 5;

if(y > x) {
    cout << "We're messing with numbers!" << endl;
    x += 1;
} else if(x > y) {
    cout << "We're messing with numbers!" << endl;
    y += 1;
} else if(x == y) {
    cout << "We're messing with numbers!" << endl;
    x  = x + y;
}
```

Section 3: keywords/const/overloading
------------

1. __new__: why would you use a const (non-static)...
    1. field/class attribute
    2. parameter
    3. method

2. __new__: where would you initialize a const (non-static)....
    1. field/class attribute
    2. parameter
    3. method

3. Where and why would you use the "virtual" keyword? What is this concept called and why is it important?

4. Why would you need to overload a comparison operator?

5. __How do you write the constructor in a derived class? Give an example base class and a class that inherits it. Your example can be similar to, but not the same as, examples from lecture.__

Section 4: Version control & git
----------
1. What is a branch? Why would you work on a non-master branch?


2. If you are currently working on the branch my-fabulous-feature and your teammate merges another feature into master, what are the commands that you would run to switch to master, get the new code, switch back to your branch, and merge the new code from master into your branch?


3. What is the difference between issuing a "git pull" and submitting a "pull request"?


4. When you're reviewing a PR, what are 3 different specific things that you should look for in the code that you're reviewing?



Section 5: bash
------------
1. What is a PS1 in general (what does this control)?



2. Rate your level of comfort working on the command line on a scale from "not comfortable at all" to "completely comfortable, I am a command line master". Be honest with yourself. What are a few things that you wish you were more comfortable with on the command line?



3. If you are developing in an IDE (such as Sublime, CodeRunner, CodeBlocks, XCode, etc) and your project isn't compiling by pressing the "run/build" button, what are two things that you could do to fix the issue? (Imagine that a friend is having this issue and you are explaining a few things that they could do to figure out what is going on).



Section 6: Unit testing/Catch2
------------
1. What is a TEST_CASE? What is a SECTION? What should each be used for? How many methods should be tested in each TEST_CASE? what about each SECTION?


Section 7: Design Patterns
----------
1. For each of the following design patterns, briefly describe what problem they solve and how they are implemented in c++.

a. Singleton


b. Flyweight


c. Prototype


d. Factory


e. Iterator


2. In class, we went over how you will frequently interact with the design pattern Iterator but will rarely implement it yourselves. Why is this?

__new material below this line__

Section 8: GUIs/Qt
---------------

1. What happens behind the scenes for a GUI to respond to a user interaction with the user interface?

2. In Qt, how many signals can a single object emit? How many slots can respond to a single signal?


3. Give example signatures for a custom signal that has at least one parameter and the slot that you would connect it to. Give an example call to `connect` that you would use to link the to signal to the slot. Describe when you would call `emit` for this signal.

Section 9: templating/writing generalizable code
------------------------------

1. Write a templated function `void Swap(T & a, T & b)`. 

2. Write a `main()` in which you make at least three calls to `Swap` that do work and two calls to `Swap` that you would expect to work but that don't.

3. Adjust the non-working function calls so that they do work and write comments about why they did not intially work and what changes you made.

5. Why/why shouldn't you write all functions in c++ as templated functions?


- __To turn in__:
    - `pe12_review.pdf` -- don't forget to include your name! All example code in your turned in submission should be compilable!
    - to convert a .md file to .pdf, [see this superuser post](https://superuser.com/questions/689056/how-can-i-convert-github-flavored-markdown-to-a-pdf)
        - I use `pandoc` which is run like `pandoc --from markdown -o output.pdf input.md` and can be installed via `apt-get` or `brew` 
