PE 13 (course content review) (30 points)
==============

This assignment is due on __Friday, April 26th at 9pm__. Late submissions will not be accepted.  

Be sure to cite any resources that you use to help answer these questions.

Part 1: Complete and/or improve the review from lecture 14
============
If you were present in lecture 14, check the notes that I left on your lecture 14 materials submission and update your answers accordingly. If you were not present, answer the following questions.  

Note! Some questions have been updated slightly. These updates __are in bold__. Make sure to re-read your answers to ensure that they answer all parts of the question!

Section 1: c++
---------
1. What is a reference? What is a pointer? How are they different? __Give a short code example to demonstrate what you have said__.


2. Given the following class definition, how would you call the method `CalculateMysteries`?

```c++
class Foo {
public:
    Foo(int bar) : bar_(bar) {}

    int CalculateMysteries();

    static int TotalBars();

private:
    int bar_;

    static int baz_;
};
```

3. How would you call the method `TotalBars()`? __If there are two different ways, demonstrate them both__.


4. Can you access the field `bar_` from inside the method `TotalBars()`? Why/why not?


5. Can you access the field `baz_` from inside the method `CalculateMysteries()`? Why/why not?


Section 2: Version control & git
----------
1. What is a branch? Why would you work on a non-master branch?


2. If you are currently working on the branch `my-fabulous-feature` and your teammate merges another feature into `master`, what are the commands that you would run to switch to master, get the new code, switch back to your branch, and merge the new code from master into your branch?


3. What is the difference between issuing a "git pull" and submitting a "pull request"?


4. When you're reviewing a PR, what are 3 different __specific__ things that you should look for in the code that you're reviewing?



Section 3: bash
------------
1. What is your PS1? (__clarification: what does your PS1 do, not literally what is yours__).



2. Rate your level of comfort working on the command line on a scale from "not comfortable at all" to "completely comfortable, I am a command line master". Be honest with yourself.



3. If you are developing in an IDE (such as Sublime, CodeRunner, CodeBlocks, XCode, etc) and your project isn't compiling by pressing the "run/build" button, what are two things that you should do to fix the issue?


Section 4: Unit testing/Catch2
------------
1. What is a TEST_CASE? What is a SECTION? What should each be used for? How many methods should be tested in each TEST_CASE? what about SECTION?


Section 5: Design Patterns
----------
1. For each of the following design patterns, briefly describe what problem they solve __and__ how they are implemented in c++.

a. Singleton


b. Flyweight
(Since we didn't go over implementation of this design pattern in depth in class, now would be a great time to take a look at http://gameprogrammingpatterns.com/flyweight.html)


c. Prototype



d. Factory



e. Iterator



2. In class, we went over how you will frequently *interact* with the design pattern Iterator but will rarely implement it yourselves. Why is this?

Part 2: New Review
=================


Section 1: inheritance
-----------------

1. What is dynamic dispatch? When will dynamic dispatch be used in c++?


2. Write a class `Alien` that implements the prototype design pattern. Fields and methods are at your discretion but you must have at least one private field and at least method in addition to `Clone()`. Make sure to include getters and setters as appropriate, and make these `const` as appropriate. This class should be meaningful (it should be able to do something and it should have some state that it tracks). Get creative!

3. Write two classes that are derived from `Alien`. Override the `Clone()` method and ensure that it works via dynamic dispatch. You may override other methods at your discretion.

4. Write a function that takes at least one `Alien` as a parameter (this function can take other parameters as well or a vector of `Alien`s, it's up to you). You must call at least one method from `Alien` that has been overridden.

5. Write a `main()` in which you instantiate at least one `Alien` and one of each of your subclasses. Pass these objects into the function that you implemented from step 4.

Section 2: GUIs/Qt
---------------

1. What happens behind the scenes for a GUI to respond to a user interaction with the user interface?

2. In Qt, how many signals can a single object emit? How many slots can respond to a single signal? When the slots respond, what order do they respond in? (Justify your answers.)

3. Give example signatures for a custom signal that has at least one parameter and the slot that you would connect it to. Give an example call to `connect` that you would use to link the to signal to the slot. Describe when you would call `emit` for this signal.

Section 3: templating/writing generalizable code
------------------------------

1. Write a templated function `void Swap(T & a, T & b)`. 

2. Write a `main()` in which you make at least three calls to `Swap` that do work and two calls to `Swap` that you would expect to work but that don't. Adjust the non-working function calls so that they do work and write comments about why they did not intially work and what changes you made.

3. What is a specific difference between templating a class or struct and templating a function?

4. What are 2 specific benefits of writing templated code?

5. Why/why shouldn't you write all functions in c++ as templated functions?

Section 4: final reflections
------------

1. What topic(s) did we cover in this class that you have found most helpful?

2. Was there a topic that you wished we had spent more time on?

3. Was there a topic that you wished we had spent less time on?


- __To turn in__:
    - pe13_review.[txt|pdf|rtf] don't forget to include your name! All example code in your turned in submission should be compilable!
