PE 14 (course content review)
==============

Answer the following questions in a text file:  
Be sure to cite any resources that you use to help answer these questions.

Name:  

Section 1: c++ and programming

1. Describe how static fields and static methods work. What makes them different from one another? Are they c++ specific?

2. What is a unit test? When in your development cycle should you write them? How much of your code should you test in a single unit test? Justify your responses.

3. What are some differences between an array and a vector in c++? What might contribute to your decision to use one over the other?

4. If you wanted to create a class Board that could take two arbitrary ints, rows and columns, each being larger than 0, how would you represent that board internally in c++ so that it could be dynamically sized when the Board constructor is called? Copy + Paste your example Board class below.

5. What is inheritance? Why does inheritance allow us to do in object-oriented languages/c++? What does it not allow us to do?

Section 2: GUIs

1. What happens behind the scenes for a GUI to respond to a user interaction with the user interface?

2. In Qt, how many signals can a single object emit? How many slots can respond to a single signal? When the slots respond, what order do they respond in? (Justify your answers.)

Section 3: Webservices

1. What does idempotent mean in the context of webservices? What REST endpoints should be idempotent? Why?

2. What are two important differences between GET requests and POST requests?

3. Give an example API call to a web-API of your choice using CURL.

4. What is a server? What is a webserver? Can server and client code be running on the same physical machine? Why/why not?

Section 4: map, reduce, filter/mapreduce

1. Write down the function signatures for the functions that map, reduce, and filter apply to a sequence if you were using a language/framework that applied them in a similar fashion to python.

2. What is Hadoop MapReduce at a high level? Why is it useful? What are the requirements for the map tasks and the reduce tasks?

Section 5: final reflections

1. What topic(s) did we cover in this class that you have found most helpful?

2. Was there a topic that you wished we had spent more time on?

3. Was there a topic that you wished we had spent less time on?


__Extra Credit (5 points): super-mini technical interview__  

You may come to Felix, Soumyajyoti, or Kyle's office hours next week (12/3 - 12/7) to do a technical interview question for up to 5 points of extra credit. Hours will be posted on Piazza on 12/3 at about noon.

- [__To turn in__]():
    - pe14_review.txt
